|<---------------------------------------------------------------------------->|

+===============+
|Component List:|
+===============+

  This is a simple breakdown of which components do what. If you can't read the
schematic, or are just too lazy, or want to know what I was thinking, this is a
great place to start.
  Components suffixed with '=' are critical to board operation, and are
non-optional.

C1-----22pF
  This is a loading capacitor (probably) for the frequency crystal.
  If you have the crystal, you need this capacitor.

C2-----22pF
  This is a loading capacitor (probably) for the frequency crystal.
  If you have the crystal, you need this capacitor.

C3=====0.1uF
  You need this for the board to be stable. I don't know how exactly this works,
but if it isn't present, the board won't work very well.

C4-----0.1uF
  This allows the FTDI boards to auto-reset the chip when you upload a sketch.
Not required, but certainly a welcome feature if you'll be using it frequently.

C5-----0.1uF
  This is a decoupling capacitor. If you have a very clean power supply *and* you
are not operating at the lower extremes of stable voltages for your chip, you
will probably be able to omit this. It also reduces emitted RF significantly.

C6-----0.1uF
  This is a decoupling capacitor. If you have a very clean power supply *and* you
are not operating at the lower extremes of stable voltages for your chip, you
will probably be able to omit this. It also reduces emitted RF significantly.


IC1====ATMEGA328P (Or similar)
  Main chip. Use the ATMEGA328 series, or any other chip that shares the pinout.
I reccommend the 328P for its low power states.

JP1----CONN_6
  Holes for connections. You can put pin-headers here, or just wire it up as you
see fit. This one is for IO8 - IO13.

JP2----CONN_6
  Holes for connections. You can put pin-headers here, or just wire it up as you
see fit. This one is for AD0 - AD5.

JP3----CONN_8
  Holes for connections. You can put pin-headers here, or just wire it up as you
see fit. This one is for IO0 - IO7.

JP4----PWR
  This is a power header, conviently located near the other IO pins.

JP5----AUX_PWR
  This is a power header, conviently located away from the IO pins.

JP6----ICSP
  This port should be populated with standard 0.1" male header pins. It is
designed to be a standard ICSP pinout, so the bootloader can be changed with
the chip still soldered into the board.

JP7----FTDI
  This port should be populated with standard 0.1" male header pins. It is
designed to be compatible with Sparkfun's FTDI breakouts.
https://www.sparkfun.com/products/9716

JP8----RST
  This is a hole for reset. You can put a pin-header here, or just wire it up as
you see fit.

R1=====10k
  This prevents the board from going into reset while you're trying to use it.
This component can't really be omitted, though the value is fairly flexible.

X1-----CRYSTAL
  This is an external crystal for the ATMEGA. If you decide to use this component,
be sure to populate both C1 and C2 on the board.